-Hi.
Hi, this is Jimmy Fallon.
I'm coming to you from my home.
But actually,
this is a pod school.
It's called The Barn School --
it's a newer curriculum school
and they're very good students,
and they're very, very polite,
and thank you, Winnie,
I appreciate that.
And before it was a school, we
did a show from here a year ago,
and before it was a show,
it was my home.
And so, welcome to our show,
and obviously,
if we did the show from here,
I couldn't do the show
from here, so our friends at
Airstream gave me
a quieter studio
to do the show from.
Let me show you
what I'm talking about. Come.
This is the biggest Airstream
they make,
and our genius set designers
turned it into kind of
a portable studio.
Let me show you.
Welcome to our home
away from home --
our studio away from home.
How cool is this?
What a great job everyone did
with lighting and sound --
every little detail.
Look at the technology!
These are 4K cameras being
controlled from New York --
Alex Coletti --
Alex, can you hear me?
-Loud and clear, Jimmy.
-There you go.
I mean, we have -- I can do
my monologue from this desk
right here.
I'll be doing interviews
from over here,
and talking to Matthew and Megan
through Zoom,
and we have a turntable because
why not.
Let's listen to what we have
here.
It's our theme song.
♪♪
-♪ We in the house ♪
♪ Come on ♪
-Tonight, join Jimmy
and his guests,
Matthew McConaughey,
Megan Rapinoe,
musical guest Morris Day ft.
Trinidad James
and the legendary Roots Crew.
It's "The Tonight Show:
At Home Edition".
-♪ We in the house, y'all ♪
-And now, here's Jimmy.
-That sounded great.
We have a great show for you
tonight, guys.
He is hosting a benefit concert
called We Are Texas
this Sunday on his new Youtube
channel -- Matthew McConaughey
is here.
Plus, she's a gold medalist
and two-time World Cup champion,
Megan Rapinoe is with us.
Then we got music from
Morris Day,
featuring Trinidad James.
Morris Day!
Come on.
Also, as part of tonight's
special show,
we've teamed up with
our neighbors at State Farm
to help raise money for
Feeding America,
a great organization.
Great, great, great organization
devoted to feeding the hungry.
State Farm has already provided
$1.3 million of funding
to Feeding America
this past year,
and tonight, they're going to
match up to $100,000
in donations until midnight
Eastern Standard Time tomorrow.
You can donate by going to
feedingamerica.org/tonightshow.
It'll help feed a lot of people.
Every little bit
makes a difference.
Look at these.